test/modem_mock/README.md, before:

# Mock Modem Client
This directory encompasses all of the necessary code for a basic mock of the Modem Client, which can be used for testing the UDP server.

## Setup/Run/Manage in Docker Container
Follow the below steps to setup, run, and manage the server in a Docker container.

```bash
# Download and install Docker.
# See the documentation: https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/.

# Open Docker Desktop

# Check you've successfully installed docker.
`docker --help`

# Build image (only needs to be done after modifying installed dependencies and/or OS-level package versions).
`cd /` # root directory, so that Docker's context is at the top-level to allow copying of the `common` directory.
`docker image build -t modem_mock -f test/modem_mock/Dockerfile .` # -t: Name to be given to built image

# Run the container (if container does not exist yet and/or image is different)
`docker run --name modem_mock -p 6002\:6002/udp modem_mock` # specify option -d to run in detached mode

# To start/stop/restart a docker container with our image:
`docker restart modem_mock`
`docker stop modem_mock`
`docker start modem_mock`

# To remove a container:
`docker rm modem_mock` # use the --force option to remove running containers

# To remove all stopped containers:
`docker container prune`

# To view all available Docker images:
`docker image list`

# To view all running Docker containers:
`docker ps`

# To view IP address for running Docker container:
`docker inspect -f '{{range.NetworkSettings.Networks}}{{.IPAddress}}{{end}}' modem_mock`
```

## Setup/Run/Manage locally without Docker Container
**NOTE: THIS METHOD OF DEVELOPMENT, TESTING, AND DEPLOYMENT HAS BEEN DEPRECATED! Please instead refer to the above section for steps on how to setup/run/manage the application in a Docker container.**

### Activate a Virtual Environment
If you haven't created a virtual environment for this app yet, first make one by running the following command (assuming Python3 is installed on your machine already):
```bash
# Create a new virtual environment (if you haven't already).
python3 -m venv /path/to/new/virtual/environment
```

Then, we need to activate it by running the following commands:
```bash
# Activate the virtual environment.
# on POSIX:
source <venv>/bin/activate # bash/zsh
<venv>/bin/Activate.ps1 # Powershell
# on Windows:
<venv>\Scripts\activate.bat # cmd.exe
<venv>\Scripts\Activate.ps1 # Powershell
```

For more information on creation/activation, refer to the Python `venv` module documentation: https://docs.python.org/3/library/venv.html#how-venvs-work.

### Install Dependencies
This only needs to be done once! If you've already done this before, then you may skip this step.

We can install all of the Python dependencies for our Flask server automatically with one command...
```bash
pip install -r test/modem_mock/requirements.txt
```

### Running

Then we invoke the script via the command line at the root directory with the proper arguments.

Commit message:

Utilize Docker Compose to build/run the full system. -This includes the flask_server, udp_server, modem_mock (to stand in for the not-yet-present modem code), and Grafana (new component used for visualizing IoT data). -Remove hard-coded IP addresses in favor of host-names automatically configured with Docker Compose's bridge network. -Update READMEs to reflect new deployment infrastructure.

test/modem_mock/README.md, after:

# Mock Modem Client
This directory encompasses all of the necessary code for a basic mock of the Modem Client, which can be used for testing the UDP server.

## Setup/Run/Manage in Docker Container
**NOTE: Only follow the steps in this section if you're looking to run/manage this application indepedently from the other containers. If you desire to run this application as a part of the full system, please refer to the steps using `docker compose` outlined in the main `README.md` in the root directory.**
Follow the below steps to setup, run, and manage the server in a Docker container.

```bash
# Download and install Docker.
# See the documentation: https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/.

# Open Docker Desktop

# Check you've successfully installed docker.
`docker --help`

# Build image (only needs to be done after modifying installed dependencies and/or OS-level package versions).
`cd /` # root directory, so that Docker's context is at the top-level to allow copying of the `common` directory.
`docker image build -t modem_mock -f test/modem_mock/Dockerfile .` # -t: Name to be given to built image

# Run the container (if container does not exist yet and/or image is different)
`docker run --name modem_mock -p 6002\:6002/udp modem_mock` # specify option -d to run in detached mode

# To start/stop/restart a docker container with our image:
`docker restart modem_mock`
`docker stop modem_mock`
`docker start modem_mock`

# To remove a container:
`docker rm modem_mock` # use the --force option to remove running containers

# To remove all stopped containers:
`docker container prune`

# To view all available Docker images:
`docker image list`

# To view all running Docker containers:
`docker ps`

# To view IP address for running Docker container:
`docker inspect -f '{{range.NetworkSettings.Networks}}{{.IPAddress}}{{end}}' modem_mock`
```

## Setup/Run/Manage locally without Docker Container
**NOTE: THIS METHOD OF DEVELOPMENT, TESTING, AND DEPLOYMENT HAS BEEN DEPRECATED! Please instead refer to the above section for steps on how to setup/run/manage the application in a Docker container.**

### Activate a Virtual Environment
If you haven't created a virtual environment for this app yet, first make one by running the following command (assuming Python3 is installed on your machine already):
```bash
# Create a new virtual environment (if you haven't already).
python3 -m venv /path/to/new/virtual/environment
```

Then, we need to activate it by running the following commands:
```bash
# Activate the virtual environment.
# on POSIX:
source <venv>/bin/activate # bash/zsh
<venv>/bin/Activate.ps1 # Powershell
# on Windows:
<venv>\Scripts\activate.bat # cmd.exe
<venv>\Scripts\Activate.ps1 # Powershell
```

For more information on creation/activation, refer to the Python `venv` module documentation: https://docs.python.org/3/library/venv.html#how-venvs-work.

### Install Dependencies
This only needs to be done once! If you've already done this before, then you may skip this step.

We can install all of the Python dependencies for our Flask server automatically with one command...
```bash
pip install -r test/modem_mock/requirements.txt
```

### Running

Then we invoke the script via the command line at the root directory with the proper arguments.
